c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.xr.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Views\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Views\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Views\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Views\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\Views\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.NetCore.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Geofencing\Ejemplo Geofencing\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Geofencing.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
