c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\TalkR.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\TalkR.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\TalkR_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.g.resources
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\obj\Debug\ChatPage.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TalkR\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\TalkR.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\TalkR.pdb
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\TalkR_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\ChatPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.g.resources
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\TalkR.pdb
C:\Users\Javier\Desktop\SignalR\Clients\TalkR WP8\Source\TalkR\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
