c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.xr.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina1View.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina1View.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina2View.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina2View.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina3View.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina3View.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina4View.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina4View.g.cs
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina1View.xaml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina2View.xaml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina3View.xaml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina4View.xaml
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina1View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina2View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina3View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Views\Pagina4View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Views\Pagina1View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Views\Pagina2View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Views\Pagina3View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Views\Pagina4View.xbf
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.NetCore.dll
C:\Users\Javier\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ejemplo Transiciones\Ejemplo Transiciones\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Transiciones.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
